README.md, before:

 

# TODO:  
	- fix the bug where user can't click many places in the map. there are places they should be able to click but can't.
	- show to the user where the user can click in the map
	- Show animations to the user what they should do to the map, click and such, to go along with the text explanation
	- need to have an explanation for multiple cows (explained to the user)  
	- add a character to the first node  
	- Make sure the user cannot add a line path segment that Crosses the existing lines (David)  


## Feedback from playtest 8/13:  
	- The simple ui and tutorial is great. the interactive map on the phone could be bigger. consider doing away with the saure map, allowing the entire screen open to play.  
	- in the future, maybe have a "drag feature" for the user to see how much of the metric he is using. 	
	- undo tied to right click would be easier.  
	- Have arrows showing the direction a player can go (the path)  
	- maybe have white line change color as energy lowers  
	- reminds someone of Yoshi's fruit cart from Nintendoland Wii    
	- the last puzzle is a little too tricky  
	- have a line show that previews the line that will be drawn  
	- maybe have a circle that shows the radius of how far the line can be  drawn   
	- do a better job of showing where the energy is

Commit message:

river flowing animation and timer for waiting for animation to finish before showing the popup

README.md, after:

 

# TODO:  
	- fix the bug where user can't click many places in the map. there are places they should be able to click but can't.
	- show to the user where the user can click in the map
	- Show animations to the user what they should do to the map, click and such, to go along with the text explanation
	- need to have an explanation for multiple cows (explained to the user)  
	- add a character to the first node  
	- Make sure the user cannot add a line path segment that Crosses the existing lines (David)  
	- need to make the line disappear when the animation plays for the river (the node path)  
	- need to make the input disabled when the win animation is being played  
	- need to make the win message, put the continue button in a UI box  
	- style the start button on the main menu screen with the UI we have  
	

## Feedback from playtest 8/13:  
	- The simple ui and tutorial is great. the interactive map on the phone could be bigger. consider doing away with the saure map, allowing the entire screen open to play.  
	- in the future, maybe have a "drag feature" for the user to see how much of the metric he is using. 	
	- undo tied to right click would be easier.  
	- Have arrows showing the direction a player can go (the path)  
	- maybe have white line change color as energy lowers  
	- reminds someone of Yoshi's fruit cart from Nintendoland Wii    
	- the last puzzle is a little too tricky  
	- have a line show that previews the line that will be drawn  
	- maybe have a circle that shows the radius of how far the line can be  drawn   
	- do a better job of showing where the energy is
